GREENHOUSE 2025 - FAQ & CHECK LIST



Pre-registration information / Recruitment process


What is Greenhouse?

The Greenhouse is the Dunamis Movement's school of revival and transformation. It offers an immersive experience in leadership tools and activation of the supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit, aiming to influence

and impact the spheres of society with the power and radical love of Jesus. Students are encouraged to live out the Great Commission and go to all nations.


What is the date of Greenhouse Europe 2025?

July 09th to July 19th, 2025.


How do I join Greenhouse?

Sign up for our selection process via the following link:

https://form.respondi.app/hefJH0HK


What is the minimum age to take part in the school? Is there an age limit?

Students must be at least 18 years old and if it's between 16-18 must present an authorization form filled out and signed by their guardians at check-in. NOTE: Minors must present a notarized letter of authorization from their guardians.

We welcome people of all ages, from 16 upwards. No one is too old to participate in Greenhouse.


How much is the registration fee?

Registration is free.


How does the recruitment process work and what criteria are used for approval?

After registering, our team will contact you to arrange a video call lasting approximately 20 to 30 minutes. The purpose of this call is for us to get to know each other better and for you to learn more about the school.

The main criteria for approval are being over 16 years old, being a Christian, being connected to a local church, and having a desire to participate in the school. We will pray and assess whether it is the right time for you to participate.


I've already made the call with a Staff. How will I know the result?

Within 5 working days of the call, our team will send you the results of your selection process via the email address you provided during registration.


I still haven't received my e-mail with the results. What should I do?

Check both your inbox and spam folder for an email from Greenhouse. If you still can't find it, contact the staff member who initially contacted you to confirm the email address you registered.


I wasn't approved for an edition of Greenhouse. Can I apply again?

You can apply again, but not for the same edition. You can apply for the next edition and possibly be accepted then.

I'm still not sure if I can attend the school. Can I still take part in the recruitment process?

Yes, you can participate in the recruitment process. Approval does not guarantee participation; only the payment of the registration fee does.


Do I have to pay the registration fee as soon as I'm approved?

You don't have to pay immediately, but you should register while places are available. We recommend registering as soon as possible, as approval does not guarantee a place. Registration is only confirmed once payment is made.


Can I transfer my approval to a friend?

No, approval and registration are personal and non-transferable. Your friend needs to go through the selection process independently.


I'm married. Can I attend Greenhouse with my spouse?

Of course, couples can attend the school. Unfortunately, however, there are no dormitories available for families at Greenhouse 2025. We only have separate female and male accommodation. Therefore, couples can participate, as long as they are aware and accept that they will not be housed together, and that they will each stay in a specific room.


Can I bring my baby?

Unfortunately, we don't have the space or facilities to accommodate children during Dunamis Greenhouse 2025.

Post Approval


I've received the approval email. What's next?

Join the Whatsapp group for students. There are groups based on language preference. In this group, staff will assist you, answer questions, and also you are able to make connections.


Is my place reserved once I've been approved?

No, approval does not reserve your place. Your place is only secured once you complete the registration payment.


Until when can I register?

You can register as long as there are places available. Approval does not guarantee a place.


Note: the number of applicants is always greater than the number of places available and places are filled in order of payment, not approval.


Questions about payment of the registration fee:


How much does the school fee cost and what are the payment methods?

The total fee is 850€.

Payment can be made on Stripe (link sent on the approval email).


What is included in the registration fee?

The registration fee includes

Student kit: teaching materials
Food: breakfast, lunch and dinner
Accommodation: from July 9th to July 19th in Palermo, Italy.

I've paid my registration fee, what's next?

You’ll be added to the WhatsApp group for enrolled students, where official information will be shared.


Does paying the first installment guarantee my place at the school?

Yes, but your place is conditional on the payment of all subsequent installments. You cannot participate in the school with unpaid installments.



I've paid my registration fee, but I want a refund. What should I do?

Please email us at gheurope@idunamis.org. We will handle refund issues there. When you register, you must read and agree to the terms and conditions explaining our refund policy.


How do refunds work? How much do I get?

Refunds are processed according to the cancellation and refund terms agreed upon during enrollment:


Cancellation up to 60 calendar days before the school starts: Full refund minus transfer fees. In this case, the refund will be made as soon as possible;

Cancellation within 30 calendar days before the school starts: 60% of the amount received will be refunded. The 40% retention is due to the fact that the money has already been invested to prepare the event and Greenhouse Europe itself. In this case, refunds will be processed after the course concludes.

Can I transfer my registration payment to another participant?

Yes, please contact us at gheurope@idunamis.org.



Transportation and travel:

How do I get to Palermo?

We indicate to use the Aeroporto di Palermo (PMO) in Sicily. There are other options such as by train, boat, etc, however we will have a bus from PMO airport to the school location for the check-in on the 9th of July and also on the check-out on the 19th of July.

The check-in will start at 2pm on the 9th and lunch will not be provided on the first day, only dinner, so organize yourself to have this meal before you get there.


Is the bus included in the registration fee?

We’ll define this information soon.


What time and place does the bus leave on July 9th?

We’ll define this information soon.



What time does the bus return from Palermo on July 19th? And where does it stop?

We’ll define this information soon.


How do I buy the bus ticket?

We’ll define this information soon.


What is the address of the place?

SS 113 Settentrionale Sicula, 90047 Partinico PA, Italy.


What's the nearest airport?

Aeroporto di Palermo (PMO)


Can I also drive to Palermo?

We don’t encourage it as we cannot ensure that there will be a place to park.



Other questions:

How many meals are included?

3 meals a day: breakfast, lunch and dinner.


Can I bring some food?

Yes, you can bring snacks or specific non-perishable items. The accommodation is not equipped for cooking, so no perishable food. Remember that your suitcase shouldn't be too big.


Will food be sold at GH?

Yes, snacks, sweets, savory items, drinks, and personal hygiene items will be available for purchase.


Is it possible to pay by card at GH?

Yes, credit cards, debit cards and cash will be accepted.


Can I leave the place during the Greenhouse?

No, students are not allowed to leave during the school. In case of urgent or exceptional situations, please contact the leadership for guidance and support.


Is there Wi-Fi there?

We’ll have this information soon.



Do I need a bed kit? How do I get it?

We’ll have this information soon.


Is there a place to wash clothes?

We’ll have this information soon.


What's the weather like in Palermo during school?

SUMMER! The weather in July is very hot, ranging from a low of 23°C to a high of 35°C. We recommend bringing comfortable clothing suitable for the environment. You should be comfortable to worship and enjoy all the activities of the program. If you're going on a mission trip, pack with these two scenarios in mind.


How much luggage am I allowed to take?

We suggest a medium-sized suitcase and an additional backpack or bag. Pack wisely and avoid unnecessary items. For mission trips, be practical with your packing.


What do I need to pack?

In addition to your clothes, shoes and personal belongings, we recommend :packing the following:


Required Items:


Identity documents or passport;
Sunblock;
Face and body towels;
Personal hygiene items: deodorant, soap, shampoo and conditioner, toothbrush and toothpaste, etc;
Bible, notebook, writing materials;
Water bottle;
Comfortable clothes (including sneakers for exercising);
Cash if possible;
Iron your clothes before packing as we do not provide an iron.


Recommended items:

Universal plug adapter.

How is Greenhouse's routine divided?

In the mornings we´ll have praise, worship, devotional sessions in homes, and practical training on Christian principles with Dunamis Movement leaders and guests.
In the afternoon, there are classes, workshops, dynamics, training, and fellowship time between students and leaders. Also we´ll have some meetings about mission trips and evangelism training in specific areas of activity.
In the evenings, we’ll have Revival Nights with Dunamis Movement leaders and guests, allowing freedom for the action of the Holy Spirit.

Questions about the mission trip (Practical):


What are mission trips? Does every student have to take part?

Mission trips are optional trips that occur after the school, lasting 10 days, aiming to put into practice what students have learned. Although not compulsory, mission trips are highly recommended.


Is the cost of the trip included in the school fee?

No, as the trips are optional, their cost is not included in the registration fee. We’re defining the last details and then all students will receive a PDF with the mission trips information.


What will be the destinations of the mission trips?

We’ll know this information soon.


How much does each mission trip cost?

Each mission trip has a specific price that varies according to the destination. This amount already includes accommodation, meals and local transportation, but does not cover the cost of tickets to the place.


Can the cost of the mission trip be paid in installments?

Regarding payment methods, please wait for official information from the travel leaders.


How do I take part in a mission trip?

Students will receive a registration link in the students' group, where they can sign up. Registration does not guarantee a place. After that, the student will be sent for an interview and then approved or not for the chosen team. Remember that there are limited places on teams, and it may be that the team you have chosen is no longer available. All other information and doubts can be clarified with the leader of the team to which the student has been assigned. In the meantime, we would like to encourage you to pray and seek to hear from the Lord about which destination you should sign up for.

For other specific questions, you can contact the Dunamis Greenhouse team.


Or contact us by email: gheurope@idunamis.org


